Apprentice is late
Let the master be cold
Please report to the commander
How is that possible?
How could the three great masters worship him as their teacher?
Why did the three great masters worship him as their teacher?
Go ahead.
That's not possible.
How can you worship him?
Why should he
Master, what do you plan to do with a fat tiger?
See the facts?
Don't call the fourth master to listen
The fourth master's apprentice and grandson are blind to Mount Tai
I know wrong
I can't bully people anymore
Well-behaved in front of people and domineering behind people
How can such a person be a big brother?
But based on his relationship with your master and apprentice for many years
Fine him to be stripped of his identity
Face the wall and think about it
Okay, no.
No, master, you delay
Not soon, thank you, master
Are you really driving out of the sect?
Thank you Master Zhang Wei
Didn't Jiang Tianye say he was coming to give a congratulatory gift?
What about the congratulatory gift, Chen Meixuan?
Don't be arrogant
I want our Jiang family to bow to you
You are dreaming
That's good.
I say that people will never bow their heads
Dad, you are back
Chen Meixuan, you are dead
My father is the number one expert of the Jiang family
I'd like to try how much kung fu you have